The Cerbung application comprises several pages, namely Home, Cerbung Details, Create Cerbung, Users, Following, and Preferences.

1. The Home page showcases the Cerbungs with the most likes. Each Cerbung features an Figure, a brief description, the number of likes, and the number of paragraphs. A "Read" button allows storytellers to access more details about the Cerbung and dive into its storyline. Furthermore, on the Home page, storytellers can search for Cerbungs based on specific genre criteria and keywords, enhancing their ability to discover stories tailored to their interests.
2. The Cerbung Details page unveils the evolving story. Storytellers can peruse paragraphs crafted by fellow contributors. If a Cerbung is set to public, storytellers can seamlessly add new paragraphs to further the existing narrative. However, for restricted Cerbungs, storytellers have the option to request access to contribute. Additionally, there's a "Follow" button that allows storytellers to add the Cerbung to their list of favorites (with a dedicated page to access their followed Cerbungs), ensuring they never miss a captivating storyline.
3. On the "create new cerbung" page, the user is asked to fill out a wizard that consists of three steps. In the first step, the user enters the details of the cerbung being created, including the title, a brief description, the URL of the cerbung's Figure, and the cerbung category. Moving on to the second step, the user specifies the access rights for this cerbung and writes its first paragraph. The final step is to confirm the cerbung data. If the user feels that the inputted data is correct, they can then publish their cerbung.
4. The users' page has two tabs. The first tab displays users with the most likes on their cerbung. They are sorted by the total number of likes they have received. You can view a user's profile by tapping on their profile picture or selected username. The user's profile page displays information including their profile picture, total number of likes, number of cerbung they have created, the date of their last post, and a list of the cerbung they have created. On this profile page, if you are interested in this user, you can follow them by clicking the follow tab. Subsequently, all the users you follow will appear in the second tab.
5. The "Following" page displays the cerbungs that are followed by the user. The user can tap on a cerbung to read its continuation. In other words, the cerbungs shown on the "Following" page are sorted based on the latest postings/updates.
6. On the preferences page, users can change their password, switch to a dark theme, turn off notifications, and log out of the application. To change the password, simply enter the old password, then the new password, and confirm the new password. Please note that the username cannot be changed.
